Add some explanation for tiflash tuning performance doc (#16045)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/tune-tiflash-performance.md

set @@tidb_max_tiflash_threads = 20;
```

> The following example shows the query result before and after `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is re-configured. Before `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is set, the concurrency of request execution for a single TiFlash instance is 8 threads. The cluster has a total of 3 TiFlash instances, so the total number of threads executed by requests on all TiFlash instances is 24(8 × 3). When `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is set to `20`, the total number of threads executed by requests on all TiFlash instances is 60(20 × 3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows the query result before and after `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is re-configured. Before `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is set, the concurrency of request execution for a single TiFlash instance is 8 threads. Since the cluster has a total of 3 TiFlash instances, the total number of threads executed by requests on all TiFlash instances is 24 (8 × 3). After `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is set to `20`, the total number of threads executed by requests on all TiFlash instances is 60 (20 × 3).
```

> The following example shows the query result before and after `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is re-configured. Before `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is set, the concurrency of request execution for a single TiFlash instance is 8 threads. Since the cluster has a total of 3 TiFlash instances, the total number of threads executed by requests on all TiFlash instances is 24 (8 × 3). After `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is set to `20`, the total number of threads executed by requests on all TiFlash instances is 60 (20 × 3).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example shows the query result before and after `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is re-configured. Before `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is set, the concurrency of request execution for a single TiFlash instance is 8 threads. Since the cluster has a total of 3 TiFlash instances, the total number of threads for request execution on all TiFlash instances is 24 (8 × 3). After `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is set to `20`, the total number of threads for request execution on all TiFlash instances is 60 (20 × 3).
```

set @@tidb_max_tiflash_threads = 20;
```

> The following example shows the query result before and after `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is re-configured. Before `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is set, the concurrency of request execution for a single TiFlash instance is 8 threads. The cluster has a total of 3 TiFlash instances, so the total number of threads executed by requests on all TiFlash instances is 24. When `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is set to `20`, the total number of threads executed by requests on all TiFlash instances is 60.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example shows the query result before and after `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is re-configured. Before `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is set, the concurrency of request execution for a single TiFlash instance is 8 threads. The cluster has a total of 3 TiFlash instances, so the total number of threads executed by requests on all TiFlash instances is 24 (8 × 3). When `tidb_max_tiflash_threads` is set to `20`, the total number of threads executed by requests on all TiFlash instances is 60 (20 × 3).
```

Author: thanks for your suggestion! I've appended them.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

To fix: `tiflash/tune-tiflash-performance.md: 310: MD012/no-multiple-blanks Multiple consecutive blank lines [Expected: 1; Actual: 2]`

Author: done.
